so hello guys this time I'm running some
tests on this vehicle armor Karuma
and as you can see that this car is
covered fully covered and it feels like
the firearms can hurt it
iffy and if you also feels like it
indestructible but is it really
indestructible
I'm gonna go ahead and use different
kind of weapon like a machine gun or
even medical arm holding and try to
shoot it and you even try to kill it so
let's go ahead now guys is show time so
first we got a test and combat mg let's
get a decision
okay I'm gonna shoot this one
ready
choose one proof okay these night
nothing up in a few seconds on fire
cause I'm dying
all right takes about 117 blue less to
cue a single let's test it again
it takes less ten bullets so which means
do you need one minute or not click OK
so this problem is enough talk to me
provide proof if we explode I'll take
shit too much of that so let's take a
look the next weapon we got a tas of it
and now the next weapon we're going to
test this yes salt shotgun it looks cool
okay let's go then okay I think I could
not take the position just shooting at
this car
thank you okay you ready let's do this
Watkins and I just used for a flat plate
already
all effect which means it only takes
about positive for normal clips
maybe two extended clip blow up a single
are common to Roma so let's try this
again
just like what I did with the counter
end
yeah just like the same
around 20 more rounds
so far I've used around 14 - that's
already and this is on fire
which means is quite deadly they are
gonna even the sharp thing is very death
even it's really only it's got to
protect you but it just training
something like a pistol a few gunshots
but it's not gonna protect you
it gets kind of automatic weapon so
let's go ahead through our final one the
nose fingers weapon so here we come the
most dangerous and death we fire arm
gta5 make up i backs this thing we gotta
blow up one car and only about a hundred
bullets which means that's around 10,000
second
okay pet once so plus and really totally
run something Anika
yes
the girl
yeah check this out before I run out
fenders okay so we have finally note
that the AMA groomer is actually not
fully as we thought
so I hope you guys will like this video
and if you add John click the like
button or even subscribe to my channel
for more GTA 5 video because I'm gonna
going to test more about the heist
maybe the weapon maybe the vehicle just
the highest new things about GTA 5 and
I'll see you guys in the next video bye
guys